# RFC 9160: Export of MPLS Segment Routing Label Type Information in IP Flow

Abstract

   This document introduces new IP Flow Information Export (IPFIX) code
   points to identify which traffic is being forwarded based on which
   MPLS control plane protocol is used within a Segment Routing domain.
   In particular, this document defines five code points for the IPFIX
   mplsTopLabelType Information Element for Path Computation Element
   (PCE), IS-IS, OSPFv2, OSPFv3, and BGP MPLS Segment Routing
   extensions.

Status of This Memo

   This document is not an Internet Standards Track specification; it is
   published for informational purposes.

   This document is a product of the Internet Engineering Task Force
   (IETF).  It represents the consensus of the IETF community.  It has
   received public review and has been approved for publication by the
   Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).  Not all documents
   approved by the IESG are candidates for any level of Internet
   Standard; see Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc9160.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2021 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Revised BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of the
   Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as described
   in the Revised BSD License.

Table of Contents

1.  Introduction
