# RFC 8730: Independent Submission Editor Model

Abstract

   This document describes the function and responsibilities of the RFC
   Independent Submission Editor (ISE).  The Independent Submission
   stream is one of the stream producers that create draft RFCs, with
   the ISE as its stream approver.  The ISE is overall responsible for
   activities within the Independent Submission stream, working with
   draft editors and reviewers, and interacts with the RFC Production
   Center and Publisher, and the RFC Series Editor (RSE).  The ISE is
   appointed by the IAB, and also interacts with the IETF Administration
   Limited Liability Company (LLC).

   This version obsoletes RFC 6548 to replace all references to the
   Internet Administrative Support Activity (IASA) and related
   structures with those defined by the IASA 2.0 structure.

Status of This Memo

   This document is not an Internet Standards Track specification; it is
   published for informational purposes.

   This document is a product of the Internet Architecture Board (IAB)
   and represents information that the IAB has deemed valuable to
   provide for permanent record.  It represents the consensus of the
   Internet Architecture Board (IAB).  Documents approved for
   publication by the IAB are not candidates for any level of Internet
   Standard; see Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc8730.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2020 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.

Table of Contents

1.  Introduction
