# RFC 9490: January 2024

Abstract

   The "Management Techniques in Encrypted Networks (M-TEN)" workshop
   was convened by the Internet Architecture Board (IAB) from 17 October
   2022 to 19 October 2022 as a three-day online meeting.  The workshop
   was organized in three parts to discuss ways to improve network
   management techniques in support of even broader adoption of
   encryption on the Internet.  This report summarizes the workshop's
   discussion and identifies topics that warrant future work and
   consideration.

   Note that this document is a report on the proceedings of the
   workshop.  The views and positions documented in this report are
   those of the expressed during the workshop by participants and do not
   necessarily reflect IAB views and positions.

Status of This Memo

   This document is not an Internet Standards Track specification; it is
   published for informational purposes.

   This document is a product of the Internet Architecture Board (IAB)
   and represents information that the IAB has deemed valuable to
   provide for permanent record.  It represents the consensus of the
   Internet Architecture Board (IAB).  Documents approved for
   publication by the IAB are not candidates for any level of Internet
   Standard; see Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc9490.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2024 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.

Table of Contents

1.  Introduction
     1.1.  About This Workshop Report Content
