# RFC 9150: Independent Submission                                     N. Cam-Winget

Abstract

   This document defines the use of cipher suites for TLS 1.3 based on
   Hashed Message Authentication Code (HMAC).  Using these cipher suites
   provides server and, optionally, mutual authentication and data
   authenticity, but not data confidentiality.  Cipher suites with these
   properties are not of general applicability, but there are use cases,
   specifically in Internet of Things (IoT) and constrained
   environments, that do not require confidentiality of exchanged
   messages while still requiring integrity protection, server
   authentication, and optional client authentication.  This document
   gives examples of such use cases, with the caveat that prior to using
   these integrity-only cipher suites, a threat model for the situation
   at hand is needed, and a threat analysis must be performed within
   that model to determine whether the use of integrity-only cipher
   suites is appropriate.  The approach described in this document is
   not endorsed by the IETF and does not have IETF consensus, but it is
   presented here to enable interoperable implementation of a reduced-
   security mechanism that provides authentication and message integrity
   without supporting confidentiality.

Status of This Memo

   This document is not an Internet Standards Track specification; it is
   published for informational purposes.

   This is a contribution to the RFC Series, independently of any other
   RFC stream.  The RFC Editor has chosen to publish this document at
   its discretion and makes no statement about its value for
   implementation or deployment.  Documents approved for publication by
   the RFC Editor are not candidates for any level of Internet Standard;
   see Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc9150.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2022 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.

Table of Contents

1.  Introduction
