# RFC 8690: A. Vainshtein

Abstract

   for Segment Routing IGP-Prefix and IGP-Adjacency Segment Identifiers
   (SIDs) with the MPLS data plane.  RFC 8287 proposes three Target
   Forwarding Equivalence Class (FEC) Stack sub-TLVs.  While RFC 8287
   defines the format and procedure to handle those sub-TLVs, it does
   not sufficiently clarify how the length of the Segment ID sub-TLVs
   should be computed to be included in the Length field of the sub-
   TLVs.  This ambiguity has resulted in interoperability issues.

   This document updates RFC 8287 by clarifying the length of each of
   the Segment ID sub-TLVs defined in RFC 8287.

Status of This Memo

   This is an Internet Standards Track document.

   This document is a product of the Internet Engineering Task Force
   (IETF).  It represents the consensus of the IETF community.  It has
   received public review and has been approved for publication by the
   Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).  Further information on
   Internet Standards is available in Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc8690.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2019 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.

Table of Contents

1.  Introduction
