# RFC 8300: C. Pignataro, Ed.

Abstract

   This document describes a Network Service Header (NSH) imposed on
   packets or frames to realize Service Function Paths (SFPs).  The NSH
   also provides a mechanism for metadata exchange along the
   instantiated service paths.  The NSH is the Service Function Chaining
   (SFC) encapsulation required to support the SFC architecture (defined
   in RFC 7665).

Status of This Memo

   This is an Internet Standards Track document.

   This document is a product of the Internet Engineering Task Force
   (IETF).  It represents the consensus of the IETF community.  It has
   received public review and has been approved for publication by the
   Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).  Further information on
   Internet Standards is available in Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc8300.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2018 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.

Quinn, et al.                Standards Track                    [Page 1]

Table of Contents

   1. Introduction ....................................................3
      1.1. Applicability ..............................................4
      1.2. Requirements Language ......................................4
      1.3. Definition of Terms ........................................4
      1.4. Problem Space ..............................................6
      1.5. NSH-Based Service Chaining .................................6
