# RFC 9260: Kamstrup A/S

Abstract

   This document describes the Stream Control Transmission Protocol
   (SCTP) and obsoletes RFC 4960.  It incorporates the specification of
   the chunk flags registry from RFC 6096 and the specification of the I
   bit of DATA chunks from RFC 7053.  Therefore, RFCs 6096 and 7053 are
   also obsoleted by this document.  In addition, RFCs 4460 and 8540,
   which describe errata for SCTP, are obsoleted by this document.

   SCTP was originally designed to transport Public Switched Telephone
   Network (PSTN) signaling messages over IP networks.  It is also
   suited to be used for other applications, for example, WebRTC.

   SCTP is a reliable transport protocol operating on top of a
   connectionless packet network, such as IP.  It offers the following
   services to its users:

   *  acknowledged error-free, non-duplicated transfer of user data,

   *  data fragmentation to conform to discovered Path Maximum
      Transmission Unit (PMTU) size,

   *  sequenced delivery of user messages within multiple streams, with
      an option for order-of-arrival delivery of individual user
      messages,

   *  optional bundling of multiple user messages into a single SCTP
      packet, and

   *  network-level fault tolerance through supporting of multi-homing
      at either or both ends of an association.

   The design of SCTP includes appropriate congestion avoidance behavior
   and resistance to flooding and masquerade attacks.

Status of This Memo

   This is an Internet Standards Track document.

   This document is a product of the Internet Engineering Task Force
   (IETF).  It represents the consensus of the IETF community.  It has
   received public review and has been approved for publication by the
   Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).  Further information on
   Internet Standards is available in Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc9260.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2022 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Revised BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of the
   Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as described
   in the Revised BSD License.

   This document may contain material from IETF Documents or IETF
   Contributions published or made publicly available before November
   10, 2008.  The person(s) controlling the copyright in some of this
   material may not have granted the IETF Trust the right to allow
   modifications of such material outside the IETF Standards Process.
   Without obtaining an adequate license from the person(s) controlling
   the copyright in such materials, this document may not be modified
   outside the IETF Standards Process, and derivative works of it may
   not be created outside the IETF Standards Process, except to format
   it for publication as an RFC or to translate it into languages other
   than English.

Table of Contents

1.  Introduction
     1.1.  Motivation
     1.2.  Architectural View of SCTP
     1.3.  Key Terms
     1.4.  Abbreviations
     1.5.  Functional View of SCTP
       1.5.1.  Association Startup and Takedown
       1.5.2.  Sequenced Delivery within Streams
       1.5.3.  User Data Fragmentation
       1.5.4.  Acknowledgement and Congestion Avoidance
       1.5.5.  Chunk Bundling
       1.5.6.  Packet Validation
       1.5.7.  Path Management
     1.6.  Serial Number Arithmetic
     1.7.  Changes from RFC 4960
