# RFC 8350: Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF)                          R. Zhang

Abstract

   Control and Provisioning of Wireless Access Points (CAPWAP) is a
   protocol for encapsulating a station's data frames between the
   Wireless Transmission Point (WTP) and Access Controller (AC).
   Specifically, the station's IEEE 802.11 data frames can be either
   locally bridged or tunneled to the AC.  When tunneled, a CAPWAP Data
   Channel is used for tunneling.  In many deployments, encapsulating
   data frames to an entity other than the AC (for example, to an Access
   Router (AR)) is desirable.  Furthermore, it may also be desirable to
   use different tunnel encapsulation modes between the WTP and the
   Access Router.  This document defines an extension to the CAPWAP
   protocol that supports this capability and refers to it as alternate
   tunnel encapsulation.  The alternate tunnel encapsulation allows 1)
   the WTP to tunnel non-management data frames to an endpoint different
   from the AC and 2) the WTP to tunnel using one of many known
   encapsulation types, such as IP-IP, IP-GRE, or CAPWAP.  The WTP may
   advertise support for alternate tunnel encapsulation during the
   discovery and join process, and the AC may select one of the
   supported alternate tunnel encapsulation types while configuring the
   WTP.

Zhang, et al.                 Experimental                      [Page 1]

Status of This Memo

   This document is not an Internet Standards Track specification; it is
   published for examination, experimental implementation, and
   evaluation.

   This document defines an Experimental Protocol for the Internet
   community.  This document is a product of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  It represents the consensus of the IETF
   community.  It has received public review and has been approved for
   publication by the Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).  Not
   all documents approved by the IESG are candidates for any level of
   Internet Standard; see Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc8350.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2018 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.

Zhang, et al.                 Experimental                      [Page 2]

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   3
     1.1.  Conventions Used in This Document . . . . . . . . . . . .   7
     1.2.  Terminology . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   7
     1.3.  History of the Document . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   8
