# RFC 8950: Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF)                      S. Litkowski

Abstract

   Multiprotocol BGP (MP-BGP) specifies that the set of usable next-hop
   address families is determined by the Address Family Identifier (AFI)
   and the Subsequent Address Family Identifier (SAFI).  The AFI/SAFI
   definitions for the IPv4 address family only have provisions for
   advertising a next-hop address that belongs to the IPv4 protocol when
   advertising IPv4 Network Layer Reachability Information (NLRI) or
   VPN-IPv4 NLRI.

   This document specifies the extensions necessary to allow the
   advertising of IPv4 NLRI or VPN-IPv4 NLRI with a next-hop address
   that belongs to the IPv6 protocol.  This comprises an extension of
   the AFI/SAFI definitions to allow the address of the next hop for
   IPv4 NLRI or VPN-IPv4 NLRI to also belong to the IPv6 protocol, the
   encoding of the next hop to determine which of the protocols the
   address actually belongs to, and a BGP Capability allowing MP-BGP
   peers to dynamically discover whether they can exchange IPv4 NLRI and
   VPN-IPv4 NLRI with an IPv6 next hop.  This document obsoletes RFC
   5549.

Status of This Memo

   This is an Internet Standards Track document.

   This document is a product of the Internet Engineering Task Force
   (IETF).  It represents the consensus of the IETF community.  It has
   received public review and has been approved for publication by the
   Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).  Further information on
   Internet Standards is available in Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc8950.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2020 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.

Table of Contents

1.  Introduction
     1.1.  Requirements Language
