# RFC 8630: Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF)                         G. Huston

Abstract

   This document defines a Trust Anchor Locator (TAL) for the Resource
   Public Key Infrastructure (RPKI).  The TAL allows Relying Parties in
   the RPKI to download the current Trust Anchor (TA) Certification
   Authority (CA) certificate from one or more locations and verify that
   the key of this self-signed certificate matches the key on the TAL.
   Thus, Relying Parties can be configured with TA keys but can allow
   these TAs to change the content of their CA certificate.  In
   particular, it allows TAs to change the set of IP Address Delegations
   and/or Autonomous System Identifier Delegations included in the
   extension(s) (RFC 3779) of their certificate.

   This document obsoletes the previous definition of the TAL as
   provided in RFC 7730 by adding support for Uniform Resource
   Identifiers (URIs) (RFC 3986) that use HTTP over TLS (HTTPS) (RFC
   7230) as the scheme.

Status of This Memo

   This is an Internet Standards Track document.

   This document is a product of the Internet Engineering Task Force
   (IETF).  It represents the consensus of the IETF community.  It has
   received public review and has been approved for publication by the
   Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).  Further information on
   Internet Standards is available in Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc8630.

Huston, et al.               Standards Track                    [Page 1]

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2019 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.

Table of Contents

   1. Introduction ....................................................2
      1.1. Terminology ................................................3
      1.2. Changes from RFC 7730 ......................................3
