# RFC 9060: Secure Telephone Identity Revisited (STIR) Certificate Delegation

Abstract

   The Secure Telephone Identity Revisited (STIR) certificate profile
   provides a way to attest authority over telephone numbers and related
   identifiers for the purpose of preventing telephone number spoofing.
   This specification details how that authority can be delegated from a
   parent certificate to a subordinate certificate.  This supports a
   number of use cases, including those where service providers grant
   credentials to enterprises or other customers capable of signing
   calls with STIR.

Status of This Memo

   This is an Internet Standards Track document.

   This document is a product of the Internet Engineering Task Force
   (IETF).  It represents the consensus of the IETF community.  It has
   received public review and has been approved for publication by the
   Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).  Further information on
   Internet Standards is available in Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc9060.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2021 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.

Table of Contents

1.  Introduction
