# RFC 8100: Diffserv-Interconnection Classes and Practice

Abstract

   This document defines a limited common set of Diffserv Per-Hop
   Behaviors (PHBs) and Diffserv Codepoints (DSCPs) to be applied at
   (inter)connections of two separately administered and operated
   networks, and it explains how this approach can simplify network
   configuration and operation.  Many network providers operate
   Multiprotocol Label Switching (MPLS) using Treatment Aggregates for
   traffic marked with different Diffserv Per-Hop Behaviors and use MPLS
   for interconnection with other networks.  This document offers a
   simple interconnection approach that may simplify operation of
   Diffserv for network interconnection among providers that use MPLS
   and apply the Short Pipe Model.  While motivated by the requirements
   of MPLS network operators that use Short Pipe Model tunnels, this
   document is applicable to other networks, both MPLS and non-MPLS.

Status of This Memo

   This document is not an Internet Standards Track specification; it is
   published for informational purposes.

   This document is a product of the Internet Engineering Task Force
   (IETF).  It represents the consensus of the IETF community.  It has
   received public review and has been approved for publication by the
   Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).  Not all documents
   approved by the IESG are a candidate for any level of Internet
   Standard; see Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   http://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc8100.

Geib & Black                  Informational                     [Page 1]

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2017 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (http://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   3
     1.1.  Related Work  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   4
     1.2.  Applicability Statement . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   5
     1.3.  Document Organization . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   5
