# RFC 8540: Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF)                        R. Stewart

Abstract

   This document is a compilation of issues found since the publication
   of RFC 4960 in September 2007, based on experience with implementing,
   testing, and using the Stream Control Transmission Protocol (SCTP)
   along with the suggested fixes.  This document provides deltas to RFC
   4960 and is organized in a time-ordered way.  The issues are listed
   in the order in which they were brought up.  Because some text is
   changed several times, the last delta in the text is the one that
   should be applied.  In addition to the deltas, a description of each
   problem and the details of the solution for each are also provided.

Status of This Memo

   This document is not an Internet Standards Track specification; it is
   published for informational purposes.

   This document is a product of the Internet Engineering Task Force
   (IETF).  It represents the consensus of the IETF community.  It has
   received public review and has been approved for publication by the
   Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).  Not all documents
   approved by the IESG are candidates for any level of Internet
   Standard; see Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc8540.

Stewart, et al.               Informational                     [Page 1]

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2019 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   3
