# RFC 9190: EAP-TLS 1.3: Using the Extensible Authentication Protocol with TLS 1.3

Abstract

   The Extensible Authentication Protocol (EAP), defined in RFC 3748,
   provides a standard mechanism for support of multiple authentication
   methods.  This document specifies the use of EAP-TLS with TLS 1.3
   while remaining backwards compatible with existing implementations of
   EAP-TLS.  TLS 1.3 provides significantly improved security and
   privacy, and reduced latency when compared to earlier versions of
   TLS.  EAP-TLS with TLS 1.3 (EAP-TLS 1.3) further improves security
   and privacy by always providing forward secrecy, never disclosing the
   peer identity, and by mandating use of revocation checking when
   compared to EAP-TLS with earlier versions of TLS.  This document also
   provides guidance on authentication, authorization, and resumption
   for EAP-TLS in general (regardless of the underlying TLS version
   used).  This document updates RFC 5216.

Status of This Memo

   This is an Internet Standards Track document.

   This document is a product of the Internet Engineering Task Force
   (IETF).  It represents the consensus of the IETF community.  It has
   received public review and has been approved for publication by the
   Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).  Further information on
   Internet Standards is available in Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc9190.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2022 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Revised BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of the
   Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as described
   in the Revised BSD License.

Table of Contents

1.  Introduction
     1.1.  Requirements and Terminology
