# RFC 8230: Using RSA Algorithms with

Abstract

   The CBOR Object Signing and Encryption (COSE) specification defines
   cryptographic message encodings using Concise Binary Object
   Representation (CBOR).  This specification defines algorithm
   encodings and representations enabling RSA algorithms to be used for
   COSE messages.  Encodings are specified for the use of RSA
   Probabilistic Signature Scheme (RSASSA-PSS) signatures, RSA
   Encryption Scheme - Optimal Asymmetric Encryption Padding (RSAES-
   OAEP) encryption, and RSA keys.

Status of This Memo

   This is an Internet Standards Track document.

   This document is a product of the Internet Engineering Task Force
   (IETF).  It represents the consensus of the IETF community.  It has
   received public review and has been approved for publication by the
   Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).  Further information on
   Internet Standards is available in Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   http://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc8230.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2017 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (http://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.

Jones                        Standards Track                    [Page 1]

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   3
     1.1.  Requirements Notation and Conventions . . . . . . . . . .   3
