# RFC 8260: Internet Engineering Task Force (IETF)                        R. Stewart

Abstract

   The Stream Control Transmission Protocol (SCTP) is a message-oriented
   transport protocol supporting arbitrarily large user messages.  This
   document adds a new chunk to SCTP for carrying payload data.  This
   allows a sender to interleave different user messages that would
   otherwise result in head-of-line blocking at the sender.  The
   interleaving of user messages is required for WebRTC data channels.

   Whenever an SCTP sender is allowed to send user data, it may choose
   from multiple outgoing SCTP streams.  Multiple ways for performing
   this selection, called stream schedulers, are defined in this
   document.  A stream scheduler can choose to either implement, or not
   implement, user message interleaving.

Status of This Memo

   This is an Internet Standards Track document.

   This document is a product of the Internet Engineering Task Force
   (IETF).  It represents the consensus of the IETF community.  It has
   received public review and has been approved for publication by the
   Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).  Further information on
   Internet Standards is available in Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc8260.

Stewart, et al.              Standards Track                    [Page 1]

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2017 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.

Stewart, et al.              Standards Track                    [Page 2]

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   4
     1.1.  Overview  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   4
     1.2.  Conventions . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   6
