# RFC 8320: J. Tantsura

Abstract

   This document specifies extensions to the Label Distribution Protocol
   (LDP) to support the creation of Label Switched Paths (LSPs) for
   Maximally Redundant Trees (MRTs).  A prime use of MRTs is for unicast
   and multicast IP/LDP Fast Reroute, which we will refer to as
   "MRT-FRR".

   The sole protocol extension to LDP is simply the ability to advertise
   an MRT Capability.  This document describes that extension and the
   associated behavior expected for Label Switching Routers (LSRs) and
   Label Edge Routers (LERs) advertising the MRT Capability.

   MRT-FRR uses LDP multi-topology extensions, so three multi-topology
   IDs have been allocated from the MPLS MT-ID space.

Status of This Memo

   This is an Internet Standards Track document.

   This document is a product of the Internet Engineering Task Force
   (IETF).  It represents the consensus of the IETF community.  It has
   received public review and has been approved for publication by the
   Internet Engineering Steering Group (IESG).  Further information on
   Internet Standards is available in Section 2 of RFC 7841.

   Information about the current status of this document, any errata,
   and how to provide feedback on it may be obtained at
   https://www.rfc-editor.org/info/rfc8320.

Atlas, et al.                Standards Track                    [Page 1]

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2018 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (https://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of
   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.

Atlas, et al.                Standards Track                    [Page 2]

Table of Contents

   1.  Introduction  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   4
